[Music]
what are the rules, do you pay or do you charge
and now concentrate, he loves her how
well her eyes are closed and this guy
is capable of anything to
get her
everything where he wants the city
as he explained to her that a gangster has
forgiven me  life because he has become
infatuated with her, it is known that he
could make her big
because you know that he would do anything
for you and andrea de macías to set up a
dance club
[Music]
to be yours
if
the truth is going to tell,
lower the price of  Alcohol is
happening to the Continental when they
want to distribute this very thin problem to all
the people who are afraid they don't have a job they don't
have money and the morphine calms that
pain
[Music]
if there is a business war we
wait for things to be as  Well, it
would also attract large armchairs. It's a
crown
from now on, I'll send that